request from CSS to update webdav client docs (#609)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/publish/using-webdav/using-the-webdav-redirector.md

   - Click the **Close** button.
   - Click the **OK** button.

> 10. When attempting to connect the Windows WebDAV redirector to a Linux WebDAV server (not a Windows Server running IIS), understand that unlike Windows, Linux is case-sensitive and it's possible to have multiple versions of the same file with the same name varying only by case. This can lead to overwritten data and errors like "File Not Found" or "Windows cannot access *<file name>*", depending on the application you use to open the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. The windows file system is case **insensitive**, Linux is case ***sensitive***. When connecting the Windows WebDAV redirector to a Linux WebDAV server, it's possible to have multiple versions of a file with the same name but differing by case. This can lead to overwritten data and errors like "File Not Found" or "Windows cannot access *<file name>*".
```

Author: I like this change

Author: I recommend committing all suggested changes

>  - To resolve the file not found error, set the `FileNotFoundCacheLifeTimeInSec` to 0 using [Change the timeout cache value for WebDAV](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-7/ee683963(v=ws.10)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - To resolve the file not found error, set the `FileNotFoundCacheLifeTimeInSec` to 0 using [Change the timeout cache value for WebDAV](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-7/ee683963(v=ws.10)).  
```

>  - To resolve the file not found error, set the FileNotFoundCacheLifeTimeInSec to 0 using [Change the timeout cache value for WebDAV](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-7/ee683963(v=ws.10)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - To resolve the file not found error, set the `FileNotFoundCacheLifeTimeInSec` to 0 using [Change the timeout cache value for WebDAV](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-7/ee683963(v=ws.10)).  
```

Author: I like this change

>  - To avoid inadvertantly overwriting data, always use different file names, not just files where the name is the same and the case is different between file names.

Reviewer 2: Spelling:  inadvertantly should be inadvert**e**ntly 

consider:  "To avoid inadvertently overwriting data, always use completely different file names.  Do not use files with the same name but only differ by case."

Author: Oops, thanks, fixed.

>  - To avoid inadvertently overwriting data, always use different file names, not just files where the name is the same and the case is different between file names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Use unique file name, never differ file names only by case.
```

Reviewer: Avoid the temptation to overreact, over warn, when you've solved a customer problem.

Author: I like this change
